c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\богдан\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Богдан\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
